Solve the following problem in C(C++), which can run on a Linux system (this can be the object server (opsys.inf.elte.hu) or your own local Linux system!) Upload the result (only the C source file, e.g. alma.c) after 1.5 hours after the start at the most. The exercises will be evaluated by the tutors and the result will be recorded. The result of the essay is satisfactory if the first task is done, intermediate if the first two are done, etc.

In the framework of Erasmus, one teacher (parent) goes on a study trip to London with 2 PHD students (children)

1. After breakfast, the students are off to the tank museum. Once the students (children's processes) are ready, they leave for the tank museum, which is indicated by a message on the screen. When they arrive, the instructor asks one of them to write on a pipe which tank they liked best. As they look at the tanks, it is agreed that the second student will send the instructor the message, while the first student sends the second student, also on a pipe, that he likes the iconic "Tiger 1". The second student likes "T-55" the best, so he sends back these two tank names via pipe. The instructor, having taken the pipe information, screens it, the parent waits for children to terminate.
2. The tank museum is a long way from London and there is a rail strike when the PhD students are heading back. So one student takes a bus back and the other a taxi. Both students inform the lecturer by text message via message queue, that they will be late getting back and write to say how they are getting back. The instructor writes this on the screen and then sends back a message to both students, also in message queue, saying that he is going to bed and that dinner will be postponed until the next day. This is written by both children to the screen and then they are terminated.
3. The cost has gone up a lot, the pound is strong against the forint.... Both children calculate how much they spent on the trip. One child writes this in pounds in shared memory, the other in forints. (Using a random number, both children calculate between £100 and £150). When a child has entered the value, he/she sends a signal to the teacher. After both signals are received, the instructor writes these values to the screen and then they are terminated.
4. Shared memory use is dangerous, so protect the operation with semaphore.