2. SPRING is here, birds are singing, animals of forests and meadows are reviving from the winter
sleep. Our experience is that the number of the rabbits is reduced though we know "Rabbit is the
strongest animal on the earth!". Due to create a rescuing plan we need to know the territorial
distribution of them. The result of the "Let's observe one more rabbit" action is stored in a file.
We store the following data as the result of one observation: observing_personname,

territory_name, rabbit_number, rabbit_age, observation_time. We can distinguish three rabbit-
age during the observation: young rabbit, adult rabbit and old rabbit. The time of observation

should be added automatically at the moment of data input! There is a great need of observing
rabbits further (mainly during Eastern), so we automate our observations. The trustee of the
Ministry (parent program) decides to organize rabbit observation expeditions (children
programs)!
a) The trustee (the parent) gets the number of expeditions and the length of rabbit observation
time through command line arguments. When the expeditions (the children) arrive to the
observation area they send a signal to the parent, that they have arrived.
b) After the parent gets the arrived signal from each of the children, the parent sends an
identification text to them (like lion, bear, wolf etc.) through a signal or a pipe. The
expedition (all of them) writes out the identification text and signs back to the parent that
the expedition with the given identification text is ready to work.
c) After the above mentioned identification process, the expeditions start their observations.
They observe each rabbit type (young, adult, old) and time by time (randomly 2, 3, 4 or 5
seconds) they send the result and the identification text to the parent through a message
queue. The parent save the data into the database.
d) The parent may call back some of the tired expeditions randomly, but the others should
continue their work till the end of observation time.